and King Ahasuerus imposed tribute on
and King Ahasuerus imposed tribute on the land and on the islands of the sea
the land and on the islands of the sea
the land and on the islands of the sea now all the acts of his power and his
now all the acts of his power and his
now all the acts of his power and his might and the account of the greatness
might and the account of the greatness
might and the account of the greatness of Mordecai to which the king advanced
of Mordecai to which the king advanced
of Mordecai to which the king advanced him are they not written in the book of
him are they not written in the book of
him are they not written in the book of The Chronicles of the kings of media and
The Chronicles of the kings of media and
The Chronicles of the kings of media and Persia for Mordecai that you was second
Persia for Mordecai that you was second
Persia for Mordecai that you was second to King Ahasuerus and was great among
to King Ahasuerus and was great among
to King Ahasuerus and was great among the Jews and well received by the
the Jews and well received by the
the Jews and well received by the multitude of his brethren seeking the
multitude of his brethren seeking the
multitude of his brethren seeking the good of his people and speaking peace to
good of his people and speaking peace to
good of his people and speaking peace to all his countrymen
all his countrymen
all his countrymen [Music]